SWIFT-1437: Update Development Guide and Linting (#719)
mongodb/mongo-swift-driver: Guides/Development.md

If you add symbols you may need to run `make exports` which will generate [Sources/MongoSwiftSync/Exports.swift](Sources/MongoSwiftSync/Exports.swift). This makes symbols declared in `MongoSwift` available to importers of `MongoSwiftSync`.

> Note: Do not run `make clean`.

Author: Is this true? Do we need to update make clean to make it work? I just remember it messing things up for me

Author: okay, deleted

### In Xcode

> We do not provide or maintain an already-generated `.xcodeproj` in our repository. Instead, you must generate it locally.

Author: When I tried to follow these Xcode directions, I got some messages that this was not necessary anymore, I also never really got Xcode working fully. (I would get errors about weird stuff when trying to build)

## Linting and Style
We use [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint#using-homebrew) for linting. You can see our configuration in the `.swiftlint.yml` file in the project's root directory.  Run `swiftlint` in the root directory to lint all of our files. Running `swiftlint --fix` will correct some types of violations.

We use [SwiftFormat](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat) for formatting the code. You can see our configuration in the `.swiftformat` file in the project's root directory. Our linter config contains a superset of the rules that our formatter does, so some manual tweaking may be necessary to satisfy both once the formatter is run (e.g. line length enforcement). Most of the time, the formatter should put the code into a format that passes the linter. You can run the formatter on all of the files by running `swiftformat .` from the root directory.

To pass all the formatting stages of our testing matrix, both `swiftlint --strict` and `swiftformat --lint .` must finish successfully.

> `make lint-and-format` runs `swiftlint --fix`, `swiftlint --strict` and `swiftformat --lint .`.

Author: The `let` issues I was having in my previous [PR](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver/pull/715) came up again when I ran this. It seems like theres a parser warning thats generated, I could not figure out how to suppress it.

`Skipping correcting file because it produced Swift parser diagnostics: /Users/nellie.spektor/swift/driver/Sources/MongoSwift/MongoCollection+FindAndModify.swift
Correcting 'MongoNamespace.swift' (144/165)
Correcting 'Sources/MongoSwift/CursorCommon.swift' (145/165)
{
  "diagnostics" : [
    {
      "key.column" : 8,
      "key.description" : "consecutive statements on a line must be separated by ';'",
      "key.diagnostic_stage" : "source.diagnostic.stage.swift.parse",
      "key.filepath" : "\/Users\/nellie.spektor\/swift\/driver\/Sources\/MongoSwift\/MongoCollection+FindAndModify.swift",
      "key.fixits" : [
        {
          "key.length" : 0,
          "key.offset" : 7,
          "key.sourcetext" : ";"
        }
      ],
      "key.line" : 1,
      "key.severity" : "source.diagnostic.severity.error"
    },
    {
      "key.column" : 13,
      "key.description" : "keyword 'let' does not need to be escaped in argument list",
      "key.diagnostic_stage" : "source.diagnostic.stage.swift.parse",
      "key.filepath" : "\/Users\/nellie.spektor\/swift\/driver\/Sources\/MongoSwift\/MongoCollection+FindAndModify.swift",
      "key.fixits" : [
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 10545,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        },
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 10549,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        }
      ],
      "key.line" : 214,
      "key.severity" : "source.diagnostic.severity.warning"
    },
    {
      "key.column" : 13,
      "key.description" : "keyword 'let' does not need to be escaped in argument list",
      "key.diagnostic_stage" : "source.diagnostic.stage.swift.parse",
      "key.filepath" : "\/Users\/nellie.spektor\/swift\/driver\/Sources\/MongoSwift\/MongoCollection+FindAndModify.swift",
      "key.fixits" : [
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 13100,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        },
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 13104,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        }
      ],
      "key.line" : 282,
      "key.severity" : "source.diagnostic.severity.warning"
    },
    {
      "key.column" : 13,
      "key.description" : "keyword 'let' does not need to be escaped in argument list",
      "key.diagnostic_stage" : "source.diagnostic.stage.swift.parse",
      "key.filepath" : "\/Users\/nellie.spektor\/swift\/driver\/Sources\/MongoSwift\/MongoCollection+FindAndModify.swift",
      "key.fixits" : [
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 16145,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        },
        {
          "key.length" : 1,
          "key.offset" : 16149,
          "key.sourcetext" : ""
        }
      ],
      "key.line" : 361,
      "key.severity" : "source.diagnostic.severity.warning"
    }
  ]
}`

Reviewer: hmmm, I don't see that output when I run these myself. what versions of swiftlint and swiftformat are you using?

Author: ![Screen Shot 2022-01-06 at 4 46 15 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9171876/148456557-18d49e2c-6024-4b5d-aab6-89a95966c1c9.png)

Reviewer: ok I get that too now that I updated swiftlint. off the top of my head I don't know what the best way to deal with this is. can you file a ticket about it?

Author: sure

1. Create a feature branch, named by the corresponding JIRA ticket if exists, along with a short descriptor of the work: for example, `SWIFT-30/writeconcern`.
1. Do your work on the branch.
1. Ensure your code passes both the linter and the formatter.

> 1. Make sure your code builds and passes all tests on [Evergreen](https://evergreen.mongodb.com/waterfall/mongo-swift-driver). Our Evergreen matrix tests a variety of MongoDB configurations, operating systems, and Swift language versions, and provides a way to more robustly test the driver. If you work at MongoDB, a new Evergreen build is automatically triggered for every commit to `main`, but for more complex pull requests it's a good idea to run patches on Evergreen before merging. If you do not work at MongoDB, ask a maintainer to trigger a test run on evergreen for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure your code builds and passes all tests on [Evergreen](https://evergreen.mongodb.com/waterfall/mongo-swift-driver). Our Evergreen matrix tests a variety of MongoDB configurations, operating systems, and Swift language versions, and provides a way to more robustly test the driver. If you work at MongoDB, a new Evergreen build is automatically triggered for every commit to `main` and for every pull request. If you do not work at MongoDB, ask a maintainer to trigger a test run on evergreen for you.
```

Reviewer: (we have added the automatic PR testing since this was written)

## Workflow
1. Create a feature branch, named by the corresponding JIRA ticket if exists, along with a short descriptor of the work: for example, `SWIFT-30/writeconcern`.
1. Do your work on the branch.

> 1. If you add, remove, or rename any tests, make sure to update `LinuxMain.swift` accordingly. If you are on MacOS, you can do that by running `make linuxmain`.

Author: Is this still relevant? I dont see `make linuxmain`

Reviewer: nope! we used to have maintain a list of tests because Swift could not auto-discover tests on Linux, however that is no longer necessary.

1. Make sure your code builds and passes all tests on:

>     - [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/mongodb/mongo-swift-driver). Every time you push to GitHub or open a pull request, it will trigger a new build, which includes running the linter, formatter, and basic tests.

Reviewer: can you remove this line please? we no longer test on travis, only evergreen

Author: what are people who dont work at mongodb supposed to do? can they run evergreen?

Reviewer: if they make a PR, one of us is able to trigger testing it on evergreen. the PR status shows something like this
![Screen Shot 2022-01-06 at 5 55 39 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5976377/148463979-02775ec0-afce-44f8-bdba-44e3311327ea.png)

and then if one of us clicks that link it takes you to a page to manually authorize the patch.

so you could say something like "ask a maintainer to trigger a test run on evergreen for you"

### Responding to a review
You can use the same batching approach as above to respond to review comments. Once you've posted your responses and pushed new commits addressing the comments, re-request reviews from your reviewers by clicking the arrow circle icons next to their names on the list of reviewers.

> **Note**: GitHub allows marking comment threads on pull requests as "resolved", which hides them from view. Always allow the _original commenter_ (is this still true?) to resolve a conversation. This allows them to verify that your changes match what they requested before the conversation is hidden.

Author: Is this something we still do? Is the original commenter supposed to go back and resolve all comments before approving?

Reviewer: they don't necessarily have to go back and hit "resolve" and I think in practice we probably often just approve things without hitting resolve on the final comments. mainly the idea is to just not resolve a thread someone else started!

Author: got it
